# QisketProject

#Just putting some temporary notes here (might want to create a WIKI for this later...)

#Practical issues to consider in real-world entanglement distribution (probably with decreasing importance):

#1, Optical loss; every entangled photon, signal or idler, has a probability of not being detected, therefore reduces the number of coincidence counts. This accounts for source efficiency, transmission loss, loss in optical components and detector efficiency.

#2, Imperfect entanglement source state; a source can be generating entangled photon pairs in a state that slightly deviates from the desired maximally entangled state due to experimental imperfections. For example, instead of a maximally entangled HH+VV state, one gets instead a HH+(e^i*delta)VV state with a small phase difference delta. This will not affect the visibility in the H/V basis, but will reduce the visibility in the +/- 45 basis.

#3, Dark counts/stray light; Dark counts from the single photon detectors, as well as counts generated by ambient light leakage into the optical fiber can cause an elevated accidental level, which reduces the entanglement visibility in all basis.

#4, Detector deadtime; A single photon detector goes inactive for a short amount of time after an photon detection event. This period of time is known as the detector deadtime. This period of time can range from tens of nanoseconds (the natural recovery time of a detector) to several microseconds (usually an artificially imposed deadtime to suppress other unwanted effects such as afterpulses).

#5, Detector timing jitter; the intrinsic electronic noise inside a single photon detector can cause jitter - an increased uncertainty in the arrival time of a detected photon event. This effect will widen the cross-correlation peak in a coincidence measurement, which will eventually lower the entanglement visibility for a given coincidence time window. However, the effect of timing jitter can be neglected when the coincidence time window (e.g. 1ns) is much larger than the detector jitter (e.g. 10ps for good nanowire detectors).

#6, Afterpulsing/afterpulsing counts; This is a problem that only exists in avalanche photodiodes(?). Shortly after a detection event, there is a certain probability of observing subsequent electrical pulses due to intrinsic properties of these detectors (imperfections in the semiconductor lattice). These pulse are falsefully registered as counts (let's call them afterpulsing counts, just like dark counts) which also contributes to the accidental level. However, unlike dark counts, the exsitence of afterpulsing counts is conditioned on the appearance of a detection event in the first place, therefore it might need to be treated differently from dark counts. Afterpulsing does not exist in nanowire single photon detectors.
